# Window Shift Cancel
Window Shift Cancel(WSC) is a glitch where on versions up to and including versions 1.3, if you resize the game from windowed to full screen and vice versa by pressing Lalt+Enter, the game force opens the settings menu, regardless of the context. 

This has a few side effects, most of which work on all WSC versions, others fixed on version 1.3 and require versions 1.2 or below.
- Deleting tools(fixed on 1.3), if you hold any item with the menu open, and preform WSC, the item you are holding will be deleted. This notably works for normally undeleteable items, for example tools.
- Gaining control during animations, if you WSC and then close the menu, this gives the player control back. This applies for example during the room opening/completion animations in the community centre. The fade from black on going through a screen transition also takes away player control and can be restored with WSC.
- Infinite dialogue processing. If there is dialogue which is going on actively, for example inside the introduction cutscene, there is typically a limit on how many times the game will loop over and process the dialogue in, and then it terminates. If you WSC to force the menu open during this, it makes the dialogue box invisible (you still have to click through all the text boxes after), and it will infinitely process, which has side effects for forms of Injection. For more detail on this see [this page](Injection%Pre1.6.md).
- Animation removal/skipping. If you WSC during some screen animations, like the overnight shipping menu, or the stardrop eating animation, which are cutscene-ish, when you close the menu that opened, they will be voided and skipped. Secretly the saving process when you sleep is also handled like a menu at least up to version 1.3, and so if you close this menu you can cancel the saving process. WSC and closing the resulting menu is an effective way to do this.  